Direct upload clarification (#14308)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/pages/how-to/use-direct-upload-with-continuous-integration.md

The `${{ secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN }}` will be automatically provided by GitHub Actions with the `contents: read` and `deployments: write` permission. This will enable our Cloudflare Pages action to create a Deployment on your behalf.

{{<Aside type="note">}}

> This workflow automatically triggers on the associated branch, unless you add a `branch` option to the `with` section.

Author: ```suggestion
This workflow automatically triggers on the current git branch, unless you add a `branch` option to the `with` section.
```

{{</Aside>}}

> You can modify the script with any [`wrangler pages deploy` options](/workers/wrangler/commands/#deploy-1).

Reviewer: Not sure I'd use the word "script" here ("config/configuration (file)", "(CI) job template", "[blah blah] section"), but I see that it's consistent with other usage on these pages, so fine by me.

```

In the code block above you have specified the language as `node_js` and listed the value as `18.0.0` because Wrangler v2 depends on this Node version or higher. You have also set branches you want your continuous integration to run on. Finally, input your `PROJECT NAME` in the script section and your CI process should work as expected.

> You can also modify the script with any [`wrangler pages deploy` options](/workers/wrangler/commands/#deploy-1).

Author: ```suggestion
You can also modify the Wrangler command with any [`wrangler pages deploy` options](/workers/wrangler/commands/#deploy-1).
```
